ROU-12619: Initialize AI Context Documentation - Koda (#492)
OutSystems/outsystems-datagrid-reactive: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

git pull
git checkout -b ROU-12345
```

Branch names follow the pattern `<JIRA-ID>` (e.g., `ROU-12345`, `RGRIDT-1051`).

### Commit Format

Commits should include the JIRA ticket ID and a brief description:

```
ROU-12345: Add new feature for data export
```

### Pull Request Requirements

**PR Title:** Must match the pattern `<JIRA-ID>: <description>` (e.g., `ROU-12345: Add support for CSV export`)

The title is validated using the regex: `^([A-Z][A-Z0-9]*-\d+(:)?\s\w)`. Release and merge branches are exempt.

Validation defined in: `.github/actions/validate-pr-title/action.yml`

**PR Labels:** Must include at least one of:

- `feature` - New functionality
- `bug` / `bugfix` - Bug fixes
- `chore` - Maintenance tasks
- `dependencies` / `dependency` - Dependency updates

Must NOT have the `do not merge` label.

Validation defined in: `.github/actions/validate-pr-labels/action.yml`

**PR Description:** Use the template (`.github/pull_request_template.md`) to provide:

- Link to sample page demonstrating the change
- What was happening (issue description)
- What was done (solution description)
- Test steps
- Screenshots (animated GIFs preferred)
- Checklist confirmation

> **Approval:** Requires approval from 2 UI Components team members.

Reviewer: This is not true anymore, right?
```suggestion
**Approval:** Requires approval from a UI Components team member.
```

**Member Ordering:**

- Classes: signature, private/protected/public fields, constructor, private/protected/public methods, abstract methods
- Within each category: alphabetically sorted

**Code Style:**

- Use tabs for indentation (width 4)
- Single quotes for strings
- Semicolons required
- Maximum line width: 120 characters
- Trailing commas in ES5 style
- Use strict equality (`===`)

**Documentation:**

- Document all public APIs using JSDoc comments
- Use the "Document This" extension: type `/**` above a function/class
- Explain the "why" of complex logic, not just the "what"

### General Guidelines

- Avoid unnecessary commits; keep git history clean
- Keep branches updated with `dev` when possible
- Document your code thoroughly
- Avoid changes outside the scope of your issue
- Do not expose sensitive information (server URLs, credentials, etc.)

## Pull Request Process

1. Ensure your branch is up to date with `dev`
2. Run `npm run build` and fix all errors/warnings
3. Test your changes locally
4. Create a PR from your branch to `dev`
5. Fill out the pull request template completely
6. Address review feedback from team members

> 7. Once approved by 2 team members, the PR will be merged

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Once approved by a team member, the PR will be merged
```
